Rename A[a]tom -> P[p]ulsar (#1)
pulsar-edit/bracket-matcher: CONTRIBUTING.md

> See the [contributing guide](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [Pulsar contributing guide](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

Somehow this got removed previously

> See the [contributing guide](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [contributing guide](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

My bad on missing this initially.

> See the [Pulsar contributing guide](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Author: ```suggestion
See how you can contribute [here](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```
I originally removed the word Atom/Pulsar as it's redundant. However I think we should just adjust all of these to the above verbiage. What do we think @pulsar-edit/documentation?

Reviewer: The changed verbiage is actually very nice, and allows anyone after us to avoid having endless rebranding to do. Personally I am totally fine with it, and would be happy to see it rolled out wherever possible, as its simpler and more inviting.

Reviewer 2: I like this new wording!

> See the [Pulsar contributing guide](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[See how you can contribute](https://github.com/pulsar-edit/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

Modified the link placement, according to @icecream17 (on Discord) about how a screen reader would handle this text fragment.

Reviewer: @Spiker985 or @pulsar-edit/documentation are we okay commiting this modified version, and merging this branch to main?

Reviewer 2: mhm!
